All are right rading threshold.
So here we have a bunch of pro Thum tackers and we they have an array of ratings for them about how
well they're doing between 1 to 5.
Now when one of these pros has an average rating that is less than 3.5.
We want to turn in an array and end their index values saying hey this pro one needs to be reviewed
manually reviewed.
That's what our objective here is.
So in this case three and four that's going to have 3.5 3 3 3 and 4.
It's going to have just under 3.5 so index one here.
That's a pro number one needs to be reviewed and then four is above 3.5 So that's.
So we're going to return in a rate of 1.
That's our objective here when we find out which one of these guys seem to be reviewed.
Is more of a logic and math based one.
At the end of day the only really hands I have free is I use push to store the review.
Let's go ahead and jump into it.
All right.
So one thing I in May a little bit unclear as I said 3.5 specifically but we're actually passing in
our threshold value here.
So it doesn't necessarily it's not necessarily going to be 3.5.
It could be though in our example but we don't want to hard code that right what we're expected to return
here is our number.
We're passing our threshold.
And then of course our ratings that come with it.
So the way that I saw this was we know that we want to return an array.
So we're going to create the review array the people we're going to review.
This is going to be a number array re-initialize.
And at the end here we want to do is go ahead and return review.
Now from here it's just a matter of iterating through both for loops Let's start there.
So we're going to start with a standard for Lupul.
It's less than zero.
I mean it is less than our Raytheon's length continue iterating through I plus plus and we're uncreate
what I call the total here.
So wristlet total equal to zero because we have to store something to find the average of it and that's
what we're doing with our total variable here.
And then we're going to go ahead and iterate through
through our value here and actually go ahead and use a for loop for this we don't have to for each loop
for or ratings.
I dot for each element we'll just say rating what they are and our ratings here.
If we want to sign a value are actually going to be number.
Have to sign on.
But I think it's all right.
And then we just want a total plus equals each rating.
That's our total rating and probably we should rename that I think that's a better variable name here.
So tolerating plus equal or 80 and now we just have a simple IF statement says hey if our total divided
by our current rating ratings I dot length the amount of ratings that are in there if that is less than
our threshold that we're passing it.
And again this is totally what we're going to do here is we're going to take that review the rate and
we're going to push the index value on there and that's it.
So to go over the logic roll group we create a rate of return.
We're iterating through the array.
We have a variable here to keep track of the amount of total ratings.
Then we divide by the length of that array to get our average and if our average is less than our threshold
real push that rate that's pretty much it.